To compile: make robots

This is my reimplementation of the old Unix game, Robots.
In the game, randomly placed robots are trying to catch you. 
You can move, one step at a time, up, down, left, right, 
diagonally, or stay where you are. Each time you take your 
turn, the robots move one step towards you. When robots 
collide with each other, they form mines. The mines won't 
harm the human (in fact you can hide behind them), but when 
a robot runs into a mine, the robot is destroyed. You cannot 
move, intentionally, to a space adjacent to a robot. This is 
similar to chess: you cannot place the human in a place where 
he/she will be killed (in chess, you cannot move into check). 
When there are no safe moves, the human must teleport to a random 
location. Once you are sure that the human is in a safe location, 
you can press the "safe" key which keeps the human stationary, 
while the robots continue to pursue you. If you have hidden, 
strategically, behind the right mines, the robots will all destroy 
themselves, and you will earn a number of "safe teleports" equal 
to the number of robots still chasing you at that point. Be aware
that if you have miscalculated, one of the robots will catch you 
and you'll lose the game. However, if they all destroy themselves, 
you'll advance to the next level. Points are earned every time 2 
or more robots collide. After 11 levels, you win.

Important note: the surest way to start the game with enough room 
for the layout is to maximize your terminal window. The layout 
requires 70 columns by 34 lines. If you run the program without a 
large enough window, you can resize it, then press "r" for redraw.

About valid input: you can move the human by using the numeric keypad
(the numbers 1-9). Also, for convenience, you can use some of the vim
movement keys, as explained at the bottom of the screen. You CANNOT 
use the arrow keys.

I should mention that the original game was developed by
Ken Arnold, for BSD Unix (according to Wikipedia). I did not look
at his, or anybody else's code, for my version.
